Come on Come on Come on darling test drive at
sick loaf
real all-terrain vehicle in Russian
greet
Yaga is not on him you go ahead
make straight knee
hike sat for you us with your hands
state aid robots need to attach their
align the wheels
then handsome this is flank easy hand
pulled him out
pretty wet
base come on come on
you
therefore worth the test for Russian
all-terrain vehicle
could snow
wait for what year it will not be dozens
moreover
let's
there is no way out of here somewhere
walk around
to be continued
even a small hole got out of the snow
of course the wet slides off so
go-go guy for guy giving
Come on Come ago
I am all to you
chasing
hijacked bastard
I would tear it all off of course great
bye everyone
than the same feeling festivals